1. Som besökare vill jag kunna se sammanfattade auktionsobjekt som en lista.
2. Som besökare vill jag kunna se detaljer för varje auktionsobjekt.
3. Som besökare vill jag kunna söka på auktioner baserat på vad jag skriver i ett sökfält.
4. Som besökare vill jag kunna se nuvarande bud på auktionsobjekt i listvyer
5. Som besökare vill jag kunna se nuvarande bud på auktionsobjekt i detaljsidor.
6. Som besökare vill jag kunna registrera ett nytt konto och bli användare.
7. Som användare vill jag kunna logga in.
8. Som användare vill jag kunna lägga (högre än nuvarande) bud på auktionsobjekt på dess detaljsida.
9. Som användare vill jag kunna skapa nya auktionsobjekt.
10. Som användare ska jag inte kunna lägga bud på mina egna auktionsobjekt.
11. Som användare vill jag att auktionsobjekt ska innehålla minst titel, beskrivning, starttid, sluttid och bild(er)
12. Som användare vill jag kunna sätta ett utgångspris på mina auktionsobjekt.
13. Som användare vill jag kunna sätta ett dolt reservationspris på mina auktionsobjekt. (om bud ej uppnått 
reservationspris när auktionen avslutas så säljs objektet inte).

1. As a user I want to see auctions as a list
GIVEN I have my web browser open
WHEN I enter the home page
THEN auction objects are displayed

2. As a user I want to view details about an auction
GIVEN I am on the home page
WHEN I select an auction
THEN redirect to the details page
AND details about the auction are displayed

3. As a user I want to search for a specific product
GIVEN I am on the web site
WHEN I enter a search term in the search bar
THEN the products resulting from that search are displayed

4. As a user I want to be able to see the current bid of auction objects
GIVEN I have my web browser open
WHEN I enter the home page
THEN auction objects current bid are displayed

5. As a user I want to be able to see the current bid of an auction object
GIVEN I am on the home page
WHEN I select an auction
THEN redirect to the details page
AND show the current bid for the auction

6. As a user I want to be able to register an account
GIVEN I am on the web site
WHEN I click on the register button
THEN prompt to enter user credentials
AND ask for user name
AND ask for password
AND ask for email
WHEN the user enters required information
THEN create account

7. As a user I want to log into my account.
GIVEN I have an account
WHEN I click on the login button
THEN ask for user name and password
WHEN I enter the user name and password
AND I click on login
THEN validate the login

8. As a user I want to be able to place bids on auction objects
GIVEN I am the details page
WHEN I enter an amount
AND click the "place bid" button
THEN check if the bid is higher than the current highest bid
AND update the highest bid

9. As a user I want to be able to create new auctions
GIVEN I am logged in as a user
AND I am on the home page
WHEN I click on the "create auction" button
THEN present a form to enter auction information
AND I fill in the information of the auction
WHEN I click confirm
THEN the auction is created

10. As a user I shall not be able to place bids on my own auctions
GIVEN I created the auction
WHEN I try to place a bid on the auction
THEN reject the bid

11. As a user I want an auction to contain atleast a title, description, start time, end time and images
-

12. As a user I want to set a starting price for my auctions
GIVEN I create an auction
AND I want to set a starting price
WHEN I enter a starting price
THEN set the starting price

13. As a user I want to set a reservation price for my auction
GIVEN I create an auction
AND I want to set a reservation price
WHEN I enter a reservation price
THEN set the reservation price
AND make sure it is hidden from other users